Software development llife cycle(SDLC):

There are six phases of SDLC below mentioned:-
(1)requirement gathering
(2)analysis
(3)designing
(4)coding
(5)testing
(6)maintainence

-->1)requirement gathering:-it is the first most crucial phase of SDLC and
     it wil decide how the software will look and perform at last.then the
     project manager and business analyst meets the customers and ask them 
     that what are the specification of software which they want to make.
     the more information you gather it will be more easy to perform.

-->2)analysis:-once we are done with the requirement gathering we have to 
     draw the  the project timeline and scope. Not only this, but the 
     second phase also helps you to explore the functional and non-functional 
     requirements of the project.it is the process of collecting data,identity
     software flaws and understanding the information architecture and developing
     solution to overcome problems of the project.
				    
-->3)designing:-In this phase, you design the architecture of the software. 
     Considering technical requirements you can propose one or more than one 
     design approach and document it in a DDS (Design Document Specification). 
     There are two types of design; high-level design and low-level design. 
     High-Level Design is the overall software design covering the system 
     architecture and database design. It helps you to understand the flow 
     of the system. Whereas, the low-level design is the extension of HLD. 
     Class diagrams and entity relationship diagrams all comes under LLD, 
     and it covers all the programs specifications.

-->4)coding:-This phase requires developers to implement what has been 
     decided in the previous phases. The developers build the code, test, 
     integrate and manage. It is the longest phase of SDLC because all the
     development takes place in this phase. As the life cycle is divided 
     into manageable pieces, it needs to be accomplished step by step. 
     The implementation in this phase depends on the development model you 
     choose for your project.

-->5)testing:-Testing is the crucial phase of the software development life 
     cycle. It helps to find the bugs and errors of the software. There are 
     four different types of testing; unit testing, integration testing, 
     acceptance testing and system testing. The testing team test each project
     module and check either they are functioning properly. After passing through 
     the various testing stages, the software is ready to go live.

-->6)maintenence:-In this stage, the software is released in the market. Sometimes, 
     the project is released to the current clients only and based on their feedback 
     changes are made. After the project is released successfully in the market, 
     maintenance is carried out for customers. The project team updates software to 
     make sure it is relevant to the current market needs.